Miscellaneous improvements to the Queues docs (#6441)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/queues/javascript-apis.md

To define a consumer Worker, add a `queue` function to the default export of the Worker. This will allow it to receive messages from the Queue.

By default, all messages in the batch will be acknowledged as soon as the following conditions are met:

1. The `queue` function has returned.
2. If the `queue` function returned a promise, the promise has resolved.

If the `queue` function throws or the promise returned by it is rejected then the entire batch will be considered a failure and will be retried according to the consumer's retry settings.

```ts
export default {
  async queue(batch: MessageBatch, env: Environment, ctx: ExecutionContext) {
    for (const message of batch.messages) {
      console.log("Received", message);
    }
  },
};
```

The `env` and `ctx` fields are as [documented in the Workers docs](/workers/learning/migrating-to-module-workers/).

Or alternatively, a queue consumer can be written using service worker syntax:

```js
addEventListener("queue", (event) => {
  event.waitUntil(handleMessages(event));
});
```

> In service worker syntax, `event` provides the same fields and methods as `MessageBatch`, as defined below, in addition to [`waitUntil()`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/ExtendableEvent/waitUntil). In this syntax, because the event handler must be synchronous and thus can't wait on any I/O, a batch of messages will not be acknowledged until all promises passed to `event.waitUntil()` have resolved successfully. Any rejected promises passed to `event.waitUntil()` will cause the batch to be considered failed, necessitating a retry. If you're interested in seeing this behavior change in the future, please reach out to us via [email](mailto:queues@cloudflare.com) or in the [`#queues-beta` channel in our Developer Discord](https://discord.gg/rrZXVVcKQF) to share your thoughts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In service worker syntax, `event` provides the same fields and methods as `MessageBatch`, as defined below, in addition to [`waitUntil()`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/ExtendableEvent/waitUntil). In this syntax, because the event handler must be synchronous and thus cannot wait on any I/O, a batch of messages will not be acknowledged until all promises passed to `event.waitUntil()` have resolved successfully. Any rejected promises passed to `event.waitUntil()` will cause the batch to be considered failed, necessitating a retry. If you are interested in seeing this behavior change in the future, please [email the Queues team](mailto:queues@cloudflare.com) or join the [`#queues-beta` channel in the Cloudflare Developer Discord](https://discord.gg/rrZXVVcKQF) to share your thoughts.
```

To define a consumer Worker, add a `queue` function to the default export of the Worker. This will allow it to receive messages from the Queue.

By default, all messages in the batch will be acknowledged as soon as all of the following conditions are met:

1. The `queue` function has returned.
2. If the `queue` function returned a promise, the promise has resolved.
3. Any promises passed to `waitUntil()` have resolved.

If the `queue` function throws, or the promise returned by it or any of the promises passed to `waitUntil()` were rejected, then the entire batch will be considered a failure and will be retried according to the consumer's retry settings.

```ts
export default {
  async queue(batch: MessageBatch, env: Environment, ctx: ExecutionContext) {
    for (const message of batch.messages) {
      console.log("Received", message);
    }
  },
};
```

The `env` and `ctx` fields are as [documented in the Workers docs](/workers/learning/migrating-to-module-workers/).

Or alternatively, a queue consumer can be written using service worker syntax:

```js

> addEventListener("scheduled", (event) => {

Reviewer 2: Should be "queue" instead of "scheduled"

Author: Thanks! 🤦

- {{<code>}}messages{{<param-type>}}Message[]{{</param-type>}}{{</code>}}

>   - An array of messages in the batch. Ordering of messages is best effort -- not guaranteed to be exactly the same as the real-world order in which they were published. If you are interested in guaranteed FIFO ordering, please [reach out](mailto:queues@cloudflare.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - An array of messages in the batch. Ordering of messages is best effort -- not guaranteed to be exactly the same as the order in which they were published. If you are interested in guaranteed FIFO ordering, please [email the Queues team](mailto:queues@cloudflare.com).
```
